A qualified teacher, they are qualified students. It goes both ways. A qualified teacher, qualified
students.
But all the teachers, in the teaching always, therefore all the teachers that you received, what do
you know about all the teachers?
From whom you received the teachings? We are going to see that in the form of Gaurupenmasu.
All Amitabha, all that teaching, we know that this and that this and this, all teachers are in one
central state as Buddha Amitabha or the Gaurupenmasu.
And they receive, and they do the practice, such as Murugo.
And the devotion is yet another. I said many times, you know, you read many times books and all
that, and it's true.
Devotion, again, the Gaurupenmasu Sarah said, realization of the true nature of the world in born,
in born realization of the true nature of the world, comes only two methods.
There are no any other methods. One is accumulating the merit, doing good deeds, good deeds by body
, speech, speech and mind, and other is devotion.
Combine together, together well in born, bring the birth of the realization.
Because why is not going to happen? Because if we are not, not if we don't have the devotion, it
becomes intellectual, intellectual.
It becomes skeptical. In a way, deep down there is a condensation of the skeptical.
And there is also deep down there is untrusters. Deep down there is doubt and hesitations.
Doubt and hesitations never going to let reveal our inner duties.
Therefore, this great Sarah, I said, see, this true, there is no any other methods.
When you have this true, how that realization will come, it will come up as you find the treasure
from your own palms, palm leaves.
It will come up. This you can, we can read, all those great masters, masters.
And I will suggest a narrow pass, and then great master, Veroja Janas. Great master, Shiri Sinhas.
Great master, Mejuchiri Muthalini Dzoki.
You read a large screen of those. How they contract, how they find those teachers, and how they
become as our lineage masters, lineage teachers.
Even Guru Pemma, some of them are known as the emanation of the Buddha Amitabha, direct emanation
of the Buddha Amitabha, reincarnation of the Buddha Chakra Muni.
But his journey played that role when he went to contract with those great masters.
He become a student, a student, and contract with them, with love, devotion, respect.
Respect, and receive the teachings. All that teaching were mentioned.
And Vammana Mathras, Janasukras. And then as well, I say the Gunjipas, great omniscient Gunjipas.
The world is known as the second God of Durga. Read in the books.
It's not just that he meditated against only on the sky, sky and that's it.
He did practice accumulations. He started, he contemplated, he meditated, he practiced.
He contracted to his great teacher, Gomaratha, over six years, or twelve years, I think.
He contracted. For that reason, in teaching, the student must contract the teacher, and we like to
receive the teaching.
Quite long. And the teacher must also guide them quite wide.
Why? Why? So therefore there is no misunderstanding of the realization, practice, welcome.
He said, practice, that with devotion and joy and appreciations.
And then, for example, there is another great masters.
Masters are known as, like in the Dzubti teaching, what is known as?
Mind section lineage, space section lineage, and pit instructing lineage.
One of the very famous master, first masters or the lineage, holder of this space section lineage
was Paine Mahangong.
Pongin Mahangong.
He was very old, old, when he met Verojana in the teaching set.
He was old, some days old, 90 years old, sometimes even almost 100 years old in history.
But anyway, he is very old. However, he has an unfailing devotion.
Even he didn't meet Verojana by hearing the name of the Verojana.
And then he thought always, how I can meet this great teacher.
Teacher, Verojana went far east to Tibet that time.
And he heard one day, Verojana is returning from far east to Tibet.
He went back to the center of Tibet. He waited on the road.
In the road, he waited when Verojana as their passage is wet.
And he asked them when he met, he asked the teachers,
"Verojana be simple instruction of the Dzugti."
Dzugti, but it was his devotion.
His devotion and concentrate, he felt the richness of the teaching.
He put that into the practices as he received.
He became transcendent of Verojana.
I mean, he reached 10 rainbow borders.
This is the renown.
Also, by devotion, even his that age, the old,
even he can't see in the teaching, he can't see very well.
And he also can't see that very well.
Straight up, what's called this, the posture, lion's posture.
The 7th posture, the Buddha Verojana.
He Verojana put special strength that can hold up his chin.
When you see the lion's arms of hand,
you will see there is some stress hold.
And Verojana put meditation rope to put around his knee
so that he can hold up.
They have to use that as techniques.
Techniques, he managed to reach the enlightenment.
And then you are going to look this way.
For example, Maha Revas.
His delegation, his courage, his commitment,
his devotion, his inspiration is uncheckable.
We went to the Maha.
Otherwise, we knew the light strength of Maha Revas.
How much he holds had difficulties, troubles, and challenges.
Sometimes, maybe you think, "Oh, this great teacher, Maha B,
almost kind of led me to him."
You can think that.
Oh, he is not fair.
He is abusing his problems.
All those words we can use.
But he never squishes that.
He never thought.
He is always back to the seat, back to the place,
until he got what he wanted.
And because his courage and his devotion,
his joy, and then Maha gave everything to him.
That is what treasure he has.
And then Maha Revas preserved that teaching.
Not just he got left.
He preserved that.
That, in practice, that putting practice,
he went all those, he said, castles.
He went so many castles.
He stayed many different castles.
Those castles, the caves, he used castles.
In those castles, he practiced exactly that.
What Maha taught.
Then Maha Revas become the great Malarepa, the warriors.
And one time, his students said, because in their lives,
"Oh, great Maha Revas, you must be emanation of someone,
such this realization you got.
God, you must be emanation of the Buddha
or some great bodhisattvas."
Maha Revas said, he said, "Well, that's very kind of you saying to me,
but this is the most, you also, this is one of the worst,
blame or criticize to the teaching, that is."
To criticize.
That means you're not trusting.
Trusting to other teachers.
"It's not that," he said.
"I trust the teaching.
I practice the teaching as I learned.
Then I got this, what result do you think that I got?
Because of my work, of these lives, I got.
It's not something that I've gone, come with this," he said.
See it.
These all tell us.
And then, for example, Master Bhaparudwaj, Master Yiminagwa,
Yiminagwa, and their devotion, their joy and appreciation.
And then great teacher, his only donor will always say that.
Whatever comes to trouble, difficulty during practices,
whether we have troubles of the scared mind,
whether we have troubles of the sinking mind,
whether we have troubles of the rough regions,
whether we're having smooth regions,
the one medicine that cures every, every troubles
and fix that on a straight out, is devotion.
That's what great Master, teacher, his only donor will say.
So therefore, I mean, this is the one voice,
because it's all that great Master says.
And when you look at the nature of devotion,
it's the confidence, joy, and appreciation.
Appreciate it.
That has to be embracing our richness and glorify.
So those are all the teachings.
Of course, you heard this.
I heard this too.
But in a way, I'm reversing this to yourself, to myself,
so that we can all continue to stay on the track,
in the truck, on the truck, and then here.